NEW YORK
(UNITED STATES)
BANGKOK (THAILAND)
PANAMA CITY
(PANAMA)
SPANISH EMBASSY
TOKYO (JAPAN)
AGENT ZETA
RIBEIRA SACRA. GALICIA (SPAIN)
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER (CNI)
MADRID (SPAIN)
TALLINN (ESTONIA)
SPANISH EMBASSY
CLICK ON THE BUTTON
TO START DECRYPTION
DECRYPTED KEY
PASTE PASSWORD
RIO DE JANEIRO (BRAZIL)
ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST
CEMETERY
I'm working.
Shit!
Drop your weapons! Drop them!
Drop your weapons. motherfuckers!
You'd better drop your weapons.
Go on. God damn it!
The bag.
The bag!
All good?
You know the drill.
You guys. you can leave.
- Quickly.
- Come on. God damn it!
Put it on your head.
Come on. let's go.
Come on. Come on.
The old man doesn't want the girl.
Good. good. We're almost there.
We're here.
That's it. Come on. let's go.
Slowly. Get in.
Come on. let's go.
- Watch out!
- Son of a bitch!
That way. damn it!
- Drop the gun!
- Stop! Drop it!
Put down your weapons!
Put down your weapons.
Everything's all right!
Everything's fine. Put it down.
The car keys.
The bitch! Go get her. run!
Get the fuck out of there! Get out!
You fucking lost.
You lost.
I'm going to kill this bitch.
Let him fucking go!
Let him go now. bitch! Fuck!
He's crazy! Didn't you see me?
BOGOTA. THE DNI.
IN 5 HOURS WE ACTIVATE
COLOMBIAN INTELLIGENCE SERVICE (DNI)
BOGOTÁ (COLOMBIA)
Good morning. Everything is fine here.
She slept through the night
LONDON (UNITED KINGDOM)
CRONOS - Deadly shootout between cartels:
businessman Teo Furiase dead
Andrés Celaya - Tokyo
Lucas Losada - Panama
For Iago